Add inheritsPermissionsFrom to unifiedroledefinition (#9390)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/unifiedroledefinition-get.md

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and the requested [unifiedRoleDefinition](../resources/unifiedroledefinition.md) object in the response body.

## Examples

> ### Example 1: Get definition of a custom role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 1: Get the definition of a custom role
```

Author: Fixed.

            ],
            "condition": null
        }
    ],
    "inheritsPermissionsFrom@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions('f189965f-f560-4c59-9101-933d4c87a91a')/inheritsPermissionsFrom",
    "inheritsPermissionsFrom": []
}
```

> ### Example 2: Get definition of a built-in role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 2: Get the definition of a built-in role
```

Author: Fixed

#### Request

The following is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",

>   "name": "get_unifiedroledefinition"

Reviewer 2: Each example should have a unique name so it's easy to identify in the validation reports.

Author: @Lauragra  - Fixed.

}-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions/fdd7a751-b60b-444a-984c-02652fe8fa1c
```

> # [C#](#tab/csharp)

Reviewer 2: Are these the same SDK snippets are are used in Example 1? Generally, the snippet automation takes care of generating and adding the SDK snippets for new examples. I think you'll want to remove these and after we merge, the snippets will be created and added via the weekly automation.

Author: @Lauragra - Removed these. Thanks!

                "microsoft.directory/groups/delete",
                "microsoft.directory/groups/hiddenMembers/read",
                "microsoft.directory/groups/reprocessLicenseAssignment",
                "microsoft.directory/groups/restore",
                "microsoft.directory/groups/basic/update",
                "microsoft.directory/groups/classification/update",
                "microsoft.directory/groups/dynamicMembershipRule/update",
                "microsoft.directory/groups/groupType/update",
                "microsoft.directory/groups/members/update",
                "microsoft.directory/groups/owners/update",
                "microsoft.directory/groups/settings/update",
                "microsoft.directory/groups/visibility/update",
                "microsoft.azure.serviceHealth/allEntities/allTasks",
                "microsoft.azure.supportTickets/allEntities/allTasks",
                "microsoft.office365.serviceHealth/allEntities/allTasks",
                "microsoft.office365.supportTickets/allEntities/allTasks",
                "microsoft.office365.webPortal/allEntities/standard/read"
            ],
            "condition": null
        }
    ],

>     "inheritsPermissionsFrom@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions('fdd7a751-b60b-444a-984c-02652fe8fa1c')/inheritsPermissionsFrom",

Reviewer: "inheritsPermissionsFrom@odata.context" seems odd to me. Should it be "inheritsPermissionsFrom"?

Author: Its correct. it's a navigation property.

    "inheritsPermissionsFrom": [
        {
            "id": "88d8e3e3-8f55-4a1e-953a-9b9898b8876b"
        }
    ]
}
```

> ### Example 3: Get definition of an Azure AD built-in role and $expand on the role it inherits from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 3: Get the definition of a built-in role and expand on the role it inherits from
```

Author: Fixed

                "microsoft.directory/groups/delete",
                "microsoft.directory/groups/hiddenMembers/read",
                "microsoft.directory/groups/reprocessLicenseAssignment",
                "microsoft.directory/groups/restore",
                "microsoft.directory/groups/basic/update",
                "microsoft.directory/groups/classification/update",
                "microsoft.directory/groups/dynamicMembershipRule/update",
                "microsoft.directory/groups/groupType/update",
                "microsoft.directory/groups/members/update",
                "microsoft.directory/groups/owners/update",
                "microsoft.directory/groups/settings/update",
                "microsoft.directory/groups/visibility/update",
                "microsoft.azure.serviceHealth/allEntities/allTasks",
                "microsoft.azure.supportTickets/allEntities/allTasks",
                "microsoft.office365.serviceHealth/allEntities/allTasks",
                "microsoft.office365.supportTickets/allEntities/allTasks",
                "microsoft.office365.webPortal/allEntities/standard/read"
            ],
            "condition": null
        }
    ],

>     "inheritsPermissionsFrom@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions('fdd7a751-b60b-444a-984c-02652fe8fa1c')/inheritsPermissionsFrom",

Reviewer: "inheritsPermissionsFrom@odata.context" seems odd to me. Should it be "inheritsPermissionsFrom"?

Author: It's correct. It's a navigation property.
